[Blog] Week 19 (May 4th - May 6th) (#128)
packit-service/packit.dev: content/posts/May-2020.md

---
title: "May 2020"
date: 2020-05-06
draft: false
---

## Week 19 (May 4th - May 6th)

### packit

* The image now uses ogr from git master instead of from Fedora stable RPM.

### packit-service

* [Franta] Fixed a previous week introduced bug, which prevented users from being whitelisted. ([#599])

> * [Hunor] Fixed a race condition in getting app access token. ([#601])

Reviewer: Not quite a fix:

```suggestion
* [Hunor] Made improvements to avoid a race condition in getting app access token. ([#601])
```
